com/chimp/services/builders/MessageBuilder.java
 com.chimp.services.builders.MessageBuilder
com/chimp/services/builders/PreviewMessageBuilder.java
 com.chimp.services.builders.PreviewMessageBuilder
 com.chimp.services.builders.PreviewMessageBuilder$1
com/chimp/commands/CommandPurge.java
 com.chimp.commands.CommandPurge
com/chimp/window/ComboItem.java
 com.chimp.window.ComboItem
com/chimp/moderation/BehaviourState.java
 com.chimp.moderation.BehaviourState
com/chimp/commands/old/CommandRole.java
 com.chimp.commands.old.CommandRole
com/chimp/commands/CommandBan.java
 com.chimp.commands.CommandBan
com/chimp/commands/old/Command.java
 com.chimp.commands.old.Command
com/chimp/services/AutoModerator.java
 com.chimp.services.AutoModerator
com/chimp/services/MessageInterpreter.java
 com.chimp.services.MessageInterpreter
com/chimp/services/syntax/Option.java
 com.chimp.services.syntax.Option
com/chimp/services/JDAService.java
 com.chimp.services.JDAService
com/chimp/services/syntax/CommandSet.java
 com.chimp.services.syntax.CommandSet
com/chimp/commands/CommandHelp.java
 com.chimp.commands.CommandHelp
com/chimp/commands/old/CommandCensor.java
 com.chimp.commands.old.CommandCensor
com/chimp/moderation/BadUser.java
 com.chimp.moderation.BadUser
com/chimp/services/syntax/Command.java
 com.chimp.services.syntax.Command
com/chimp/commands/old/CommandRoles.java
 com.chimp.commands.old.CommandRoles
com/chimp/services/syntax/ParameterParser.java
 com.chimp.services.syntax.ParameterParser
com/chimp/ApplicationMain.java
 com.chimp.ApplicationMain
com/chimp/commands/CommandConfig.java
 com.chimp.commands.CommandConfig
com/chimp/services/syntax/OptionConverter.java
 com.chimp.services.syntax.OptionConverter
com/chimp/commands/old/CommandUncensor.java
 com.chimp.commands.old.CommandUncensor
com/chimp/commands/CommandCensored.java
 com.chimp.commands.CommandCensored
com/chimp/commands/CommandExit.java
 com.chimp.commands.CommandExit
com/chimp/commands/CommandKick.java
 com.chimp.commands.CommandKick
com/chimp/services/syntax/ParameterType.java
 com.chimp.services.syntax.ParameterType
com/chimp/window/WindowManager.java
 com.chimp.window.WindowManager
 com.chimp.window.WindowManager$1
com/chimp/services/syntax/CommandWrapper.java
 com.chimp.services.syntax.CommandWrapper
com/chimp/services/Logger.java
 com.chimp.services.Logger
com/chimp/services/ContextService.java
 com.chimp.services.ContextService
com/chimp/window/WindowMain.java
 com.chimp.window.WindowMain
